(XENOS fighting)
(LIDO jump) (strike) (block)
(GREEN PIG XENOS A dodge)
(attack)
(GLOS roar)
(BELL swing) (swing) (swing)
(continued attacks)
[DIX] Heh, You sure
you're a level 3, boy?
(BELL dodge) (attack) (attack)
(swing) (jump)
[DIX] Awfully light on
your feet, arentcha?
(BELL land)
[DIX] What the mage told ya'
'bout me wasn't a lie.
[DIX] The moment this curse of
mine takes effect, my status
does take a nosedive...
(IKELOS FAMILIA DUDE
A charge) (blasted)
[DIX] Even as we speak,
my body's feeling heavy.
[DIX] But still...
[DIX] Brace yourself.
(BELL gasp) (block)
(BELL jump back) (block)
(DIX cackling) (kick)
(BELL pain) (pain) (fall)
(BELL pain) (groan) (pain)
(BELL shock)
[DIX] I shoulda' warned ya'.
[DIX] My spear bears a curse
of its own, ya know.
(BELL gasp)
[DIX] No amount of potions
or magic are gonna heal
those wounds.
(BELL wipes blood)
Don't die on me too quickly.
Lemme enjoy myself first...
(Opening Song, "over and over")
(REI labored breathing)
[SHAKTI] So Ilta... how many
more are left?
Most of them have been captured.
[ILTA] This would
be the last one.
[SHAKTI] Okay. Despite
our struggle,
[SHAKTI] it would seem
there's an end in sight.
(REI labored breathing) (pain)
Once we seize her...
let's pursue the others
who have fled east.
Then we shall visit with
Medic once in town.
[ILTA] The guy's name is
Maddock, Sister.
[SQUAD MEMBER C] You're both
wrong, actually.
(SHAKTI shock) (gasp) (pain)
(SHAKTI cough blood)
[ILTA] Si-sister?!
(ILTA gasp)
(notice)
(BELL pain) (stumble)
[DIX] Listen up,
Little Rookie...
Everyone in my family has
spent the last thousand years
followin' in the footsteps of
our deranged ancestor, Daedalus.
(BELL heavy breathing)
[DIX] Why? Our blood
forces us to!
[DIX] It's like the crazy
bastard doesn't know when to
shut up!
[DIX] He constantly screams to
finish the damn labyrinth!
[DIX] The ache in my eyes... And
the throbbing inside of my head,
it knows no rest.
[DIX] The Knossos blueprints
are in that book...
and we obsess over them until
our bodies melt into quivering
sludge!
[DIX] No one can escape it!
It's the curse of our bloodline!
[BELL] Your bloodline...
it's been cursed?
[DIX] Personally, I
despise this labyrinth.
[DIX] If it disappeared
tomorrow, I'd be over the moon.
[DIX] You here that! I don't
take orders from anyone but me!
[DIX] See?
(BELL stand)
[DIX] But it cannot be broken.
[DIX] And to this day...
His blood insists on
finishing the project...
His instructions demand
to be followed.
[DIX] It pisses me off!
(GREEN PIG XENOS charge)
(die)
[DIX] I used to
crawl the Dungeon...
slayin' every monster, but
nothing quenched my thirst.
Until one day... I ran into 'em.
It was a group of
talkin' monsters...
(IKELOS giggling)
It was like someone flipped a
switch... Dix was different.
[HERMES] So he changed then?
[IKELOS] Sure did. It happened
while he was torturing the
monsters "to encourage their
compliance"...
[IKELOS] Eventually, his eyes
started to light up more and
more
at the sound of each
one of their cries...
[DIX] They're different
from ordinary monsters.
[DIX] They can cry! They have
the ability to beg for their
lives.
[DIX] Pretty ironic for
creatures born from the same
Dungeon that drove Daedalus
insane...
[DIX] I mean come on,
isn't that hilarious?!
[DIX] That's when
I figured it out.
[DIX] Humiliating and
tormenting these beasts
driving 'em to the brink
of despair, treating 'em
like garbage they are.
[DIX] It's the one thing
that satisfies me!
[DIX] The one thing that can
assuage this wretched blood!
[IKELOS] Like that, the means
of achieving his goal became
the goal itself.
Oh you really should've seen it!
The face of a man who had seen
the light at the end of the
tunnel...
The euphoria of it all!
Conquering my blood, achieving
what was once unachievable!
[DIX] No drink or drug
could ever compare.
It's the ultimate pleasure!
[DIX] At last, I'd become
true to my desires!
(DIX laughing)
[BELL] So the Xenos...
and Wiene...
[BELL] That's why you
did all this...?!
(DIX heh!)
[DIX] Excuse me...?
Do watch your tone.. Got me?
(BELL surprised) (gasp)
(grunting)
(chopping) You'd
never understand!
Bein' a slave to this
impulse in my veins...!
[DIX] Feelin' the flames
of a curse scorching the
back of my eyes
and not bein' able to do a damn
thing about it...! (chop)
(BELL fall back)
[IKELOS] Do ya' get it now?
Dix doesn't give a rat's ass
about Knossos anymore.
[IKELOS] He cares about one
thing: And... I refer to it
as a "dream of beasts."
(HERMES sigh)
(RYU panting)
(RYU charge)
(ASTERIUS swing)
(RYU leap) (charge)
(RYU flung) (impact) (pain)
(RYU terrified) (gasp)
(RHETT long howl)
(RYU notice)
[RYU] Why didn't it kill me...?
(pass out)
(BELL blocking) (kicked)
[DIX] So they can talk.
Big deal!
[DIX] Doesn't change the fact
of what they really are.
(BELL staggered pain)
[DIX] What's wrong with slicing
'em open and watchin' their guts
fall out?
[DIX] You been doin' the
same thing, haven't you?
(BELL struggle to stand) (pain)
[BELL] Still... That might be
true...
[BELL] ...but Mr. Lido... and
his friends...
[BELL] They smile and laugh...
[BELL] They're able to shed
tears... just like you and me!
[BELL] They can even
shake hands too- (pain)
[DIX] I guess Daedalus ain't the
only crazy one...
[DIX] Let me to educate you.
[DIX] C'mere, boy.
(BELL pain) (heavy breath)
(XENOS fighting)
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Wait... Where are we....?
[DIX] You got a big ol' juicy
crush on that vouivre, don'tcha
buddy?
(BELL shock) (rush)
[BELL] Wait up!
(BELL shock) (gasp)
[BELL] Wiene!
(WIENE soft breathing)
(weak notice)
[WIENE] (panic breathing)
Please come help me Bell! Bell!
(WIENE pain) (pain)
[DIX] Howzabout we have a pop
quiz, Little Rookie.
(WIENE gasping)
[DIX] Whaddya think would happen
if I were to rip this stone out
of her head... hmm?
(BELL gasp)
[WIENE] No! Don't do it...
[WIENE] (whimper)
Please stop it!
[WIENE] I won't be
the same anymore...!
(BELL gasp)
(rage)
[DIX] Sweet dreams...
Little lady.
(WIENE screaming)
(BELL blasted)
(WIENE pain/screaming)
(WIENE intensified pain)
(WIENE scream)
(DIX cackling)
[DIX] Yes, thatta girl!
(WIENE growling) (roaring)
[BELL] (gasp) No.. Wiene!
(WIENE attack)
(BELL tackled)
(WIENE attack) (roaring)
[GRAN] Huh?! What the
hell is that...?!
[FELS] It can't be...
[FELS] Is that Wiene?!
(WIENE screaming)
(WIENE long scream)
[DIX] You were saying that
"They smile and laugh"?
[DIX] And they shed tears?
Can you honestly
look at that thing
and still say all that
shit? Well, Little Rookie?
(BELL somber)
(WIENE roaring)
(BELL hit) (pain)
Has it finally sunk in yet?!
[DIX] They're nothing more
than an abomination!
[DIX] Enemies of mankind...
Monsters!
[DIX] They nearly killed you,
didn't they?
(WIENE growl)
[DIX] Both the vouivre and your
disgusting lizardman friend!
(BELL struggle) (pain)
Open your eyes, you idiot!
You have found yourself on
the wrong side of this fight.
(WIENE growling)
(BELL small breath)
(WIENE notice) (roaring)
(BELL impact)
(DIX chuckle)
(BELL soft breaths)
(WIENE growl)
(WIENE confusion)
[DIX] Attaboy, Bell Cranel!
Slay that vile monster!
Slaughter it! Carve it
to pieces!
(WIENE struggle)
(BELL brace/pain)
[BELL] Don't worry...
(WIENE soft question)
I'll be... just fine...
(WIENE shock)
I'll be just fine.
(WIENE shock) (crying)
(BELL nod)
[WIENE] Bell!
[BELL] Huh? (laugh)
(WIENE laughing)
It's okay... Wiene,
I'm right here.
[WIENE] Be... Bell...
Wiene...
[WIENE] Bell... (choked up)
(DIX shock)
(GRAN shock)
(WIENE grunting) (yell)
(BELL grabbed) (yeeted) (impact)
(WIENE screaming)
[BELL] Wiene, no!? (dodge)
[DIX] Enough with all
the mushy crap...
[DIX] What the hell are
you doin' out there?
[DIX] Are you trying
to bust my bubble!?
(BELL gasp) (block)
[DIX] Slice the damn thing open!
I mean that's what
your knife is for!
[DIX] Why protect a
bunch of monsters, huh?!
[DIX] Tell me! Who says you
gotta help 'em?! Why bother!?
[DIX] It's a waste of time!
(BELL focus)
(DIX shock)
Being human or a monster...
has nothing to do with
saving someone!
[BELL] If they ask for my
help... then that's good
enough for me!
(DIX shocked)
[FELS] Bell Cranel... Please...
[DIX] You are just...
A hypocrite!
[DIX] You think that you can
protect humans and monsters?
[DIX] Keep dreaming, dumbass!
You're no rabbit either...
You're a dirty, treacherous rat!
(fighting)
(BELL pain) (pain)
[DIX] Aw.. Is that all ya got?
I guess you were just a mindless
brat all along, weren'tcha?
[DIX] Enough bullshit...
Rot in hell.
(DIX surprised) (pain)
[DIX] You bastard!
[BELL] (notice) Mr. Lido!
[LIDO] I had no idea that
a human's words...
[LIDO] ...were capable of
lightin' my heart on fire...
[LIDO] Dammit, I'm so happy...!
[LIDO] It's almost like a
mysterious fog's bein'
lifted from my eyes!
[DIX] What...what'd you say?!
(LIDO heavy breathing)
[DIX] That's impossible...
How the hell did you break
free?! Damn you, creature!
(LIDO charge)
(BELL charge)
(fighting)
(DIX annoyed) (block)
[GRAN] Oh crap! You okay, Dix?!
(IKELOS FAMILIA DUDES pain)
[GRAN] (shock) Wha-?!
[FELS] You shall not interfere!
Dirty son of a bitch...
Get over there and kill
the stupid mage!
(BOTH sprint)
(GRAN pain)
(gasp)
(GLOS roaring)
(TROLL A growling)
(swing club)
(pain)
(PIG XENOS attack)
(GRAN gasping)
(bells tolling)
[DIX] (pain) What the hell!?
(LIDO slash)
(BELL attack)
(LIDO effort)
[DIX] What's in
your hand... kid!?
(fighting)
(BELL charge)
(DIX pain)
(BELL pain)
(LIDO gasp)
(GLOS gasp)
[GLOS] What just happened?!
[FELS] Glos! Has the
curse been broken?!
[GLOS] I think so.
(BOTH surprised)
[LIDO] You did it, Bellcchi!
Not yet... Something
isn't right...
(DIX pain)
[DIX] Son of a bitch...
(DIX pained breathing) (stand)
[FELS] He lifted the curse!? He
endured that by restoring his
status to its original state!
[LIDO] I'm tired of lettin' this
bastard get his way! (runoff)
[DIX] Wh-whoa, hey back off!
[DIX] Come any closer...
[DIX] ...and the
stone gets crush.
(LIDO gasp)
[BELL] That's Wiene's stone!
(DIX cackle)
[DIX] Is it that
important to you?!
[DIX] If ya' want it...
then go and get it!
(BELL shock) (sprint) (dive)
(LIDO grab) (straining) (relief)
(BELL heavy breathing)
(DIX cackling)
(BOTH notice)
[DIX] Like puppets on a string!
[DIX] How pathetic.
(WIENE distressed)
(BELL gasp)
[DIX] "Lose thyself amidst an
unending illusion"...
(WIENE struggled confusion)
(BELLs giggling)
[WIENE] BELL! (struggle)
My work is done.
[DIX] Now go roam free.
(WIENE gasp) (screaming)
[BELL] Wiene!
[DIX] This tunnel leads directly
to the surface.
It would be a real shame...
If the city had to deal
with something like that.
(BOTH shock)
[FELS] Dix Perdix!
[DIX] Sorry! Time for me
to split... Now hurry
after your precious pet!
(DIX laughing)
(GLOS grunt)
[GLOS] Damn it!
Mr. Lido... I have to go!
[FELS] Lido, take
care of the rest.
(LIDO notice)
[FELS] Bell Cranel!
I shall heal your injuries!
(LIDO question)
[LIDO] Bellcchi...
(GLOS sigh)
[REI] Lido! Glos!
(GLOS notice)
(REI gasp)
[REI] What the hell
happened here?!
[LIDO] Thank goodness
you're alright, Rei!
[LIDO] I see... So he made it...
[REI] Correct. After coming
to our rescue...
He then fled elsewhere.
And I believe the
surface-dwellers suffered
no fatalities.
[GLOS] Their ringleader
managed to escape our grasp.
[GLOS] The man is a menace!
He must be stopped!
Even so...
everyone's in pretty
rough shape...
(XENOS pain)
[REI] Some of them
are unable to walk.
And pursuing our enemy in their
own territory... is reckless.
[LIDO] Unfortunately, I agree...
[LIDO] Right now, we
oughtta help Bellcchi.
(BOTH surprised)
[LIDO] Headin' up to the
surface is dangerous,
and it might cause a
whole bunch of trouble.
[LIDO] But still...
[LIDO] We gotta try!
It's our turn to save
Bellcchi and Wiene!
(GLOS inhale) (sigh)
[GLOS] Fels, I cannot rely on
that brat for such a task.
[GLOS] I'll join you!
[GLOS] Those who can
fight, follow us!
(XENOS pumped)
(LIDO pumped)
(REI satisfied)
[LIDO] See, Glos?
[LIDO] Didn't I
tell you there're
some trustworthy
humans out there?
[GLOS] Too soon! I remain
unconvinced of their integrity.
(REI giggle)
[REI] Someone's clearly lying.
[FELS] "Dia Panacea."
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] What was that...?
[FELS] A spell similar
to an elixir.
Healing magic, so to speak.
[BELL] Thank you very
much... Mr. Fels!
[FELS] Always so
quick, that one.
(GRAN labored breathing)
[GRAN] Please, help me...
You around, Dix? Where the
hell did you run off to...?
[GRAN] Damn those freaks of
nature...!
[GRAN] I'll make sure they
pay for this...!
(street chatter)
[WELF] I figured payin' a visit
to Daedalus Street might give us
a clue...
[WELF] But there're way too
many places to look.
[LILI] You're right.
I didn't expect this.
[MIKOTO] At this rate, scouting
out the enemy's base isn't a
realistic option.
(street fear)
(ALL notice) (running)
(street panic/run)
[LADY CITIZEN A] Somebody help!
[WELF] Huh?
[MIKOTO] Whoa!
[LILI] What the heck?!
(HESTIA gasp)
(WIENE growling) (roar)
[MIKOTO] It's a monster!
[HARUHIME] No Mikoto.
[HARUHIME] Look closer.
[HESTIA] No way...
[HARUHIME] Lady Wiene... no!
(ALL gasp)
(WIENE roaring) (leap)
(MIKOTO & WELF dodge)
(HARUHIME gasp)
(WIENE growling)
Lady Wiene...
Please no... (shoved)
(BELL push)
(struggle)
(WIENE growling)
[HARUHIME] Master Bell!
[HESTIA] (gasp) It's Bell!
[LILI] Master Bell!
Go find some cover,
Miss Haruhime!
[HARUHIME] (gasp) Right!
(WIENE growling)
(BELL effort)
[BELL, internal]
This is really bad...
So first things first...
I'd better rein her in...
Quickly.
(WIENE growling)
(pain)
[BELL] Huh!?
(WIENE pain)
(street cheering)
(WIENE pain) (pain)
[BELL] Wiene!
(BELL notice)
Residents appear
to be unharmed.
Hang on... That's
Mr. Argonaut!
Why's it always that
rabbit dipshit?!
[BELL, internal] Miss Ais...
The Loki Familia...
But why...?!
[TIONE] Captain...
What about the monster?
[FINN] It's missing it's
forehead stone... We must
dispose of it.
[WELF] The Loki Familia...?
[HESTIA] Come on...
They're here already!?
[LILI] Perhaps they predicted
that this would happen?
[BELL] What...?
[DIX] You are just...
A hypocrite!
(WIENE howling)
[DIX] You're a dirty,
treacherous rat!
(BELL panicked breath)
[BELL] I...
(BELL panicked gasping)
[BELL] I... I just...
(BELL panting)
[BELL] I'm... a...!
(more panting)
(FINN notice)
(WIENE pain) (struggling)
[BETE] The hell?
(WIENE struggling)
(BELL conflicted)
(BELL heavy breathing)
[TIONE] What is he doing?
[TIONA] I have no idea.
(BELL terrified)
[WELF] Wait... Is he...?!
(WIENE struggling)
[HESTIA] Be careful, Bell...
(IKELOS big laugh)
Can't make this shit up!
And here I thought all
the stupid ones died
out centuries ago!
[HERMES] Bell...
[HERMES] You truly are
a fool, aren't you?
(BELL heavy breathing)
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
[HESTIA] Next time:
"Bell Cranel."